/////0.The Balance of payment is understood as: 
A.The balance of amount after paying debt 
B.The balance of income and expenditure in the annual budget 
C.The balance between a nation's expenditure on imports and its receipts from exports. 
D.None of the above 
1.Pinpoint the main objectives of World Trade Organization (WTO): 
A.Fix a quota for each member country trading in International Market 
B.To eliminate quota system and promote free competition in trade. 
C.To secure Third World markets for American and European goods 
D.To abolish completely custom duties on items of trade within member countries 
2.What Disney movie contributed to dozens of cases of salmonella, when kids began kissing amphibians?
A.Mulan
B.Snow White
C.Cinderella
D.The Princess and The Frog
3.Which of the following statement is not true? 
A.The World Bank has to affiliates, the International Development Association and the International Finance Corporation. 
B.The membership of the IMF is the principal condition for membership of the World Bank. 
C.The World Bank provides loans to such countries whose balance of payments condition is not favourable 
D.The World Bank finance all kinds of capital infrastructure such as roads and railways, telecommunications, seaports and power facilities in the developing countries.
4.Identify the main functions of IMF: 
A.To provide loans to the members of UNO for development of Industrial infra structure 
B.To make foreign exchange resources available for those countries that want to import essential items of food 
C.To make foreign exchange resources available for those countries facing balance of payments difficulties 
D.None of the above 
5.Suzuki is a car manufacturer from which country?	
A.China
B.South Korea
C.North Korea
D.Japan
6.The Islamic Development Bank would provide half a billion US dollars in Capital to create-- 
A.Private Pan Islamic Bank 
B.International Islamic Foundation for Science and Technology 
C.Refugees Rehabilitation Fund 
D.None of the above  
7.What country claimed the first U.S. Warship sunk in World War II?
A.Russia
B.Japan
C.China
D.Germany
8."Relationship Matter" is the slogan of which social networking site?
A.Facebook
B.Linkedin
C.Twitter
D.Instagram
9.The biggest market of Pakistani exports is: 
A.France 
B.Saudi Arabia 
C.U.S.A 
D.U.K. 


